c:\users\h.ferchichi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\bin\Debug\mobAppHDF.dll
c:\users\h.ferchichi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\bin\Debug\mobAppHDF.pdb
c:\users\h.ferchichi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\h.ferchichi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\h.ferchichi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\h.ferchichi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\h.ferchichi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\h.ferchichi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\h.ferchichi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\h.ferchichi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\h.ferchichi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\obj\Debug\mobAppHDF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\h.ferchichi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\obj\Debug\mobAppHDF.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\h.ferchichi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\obj\Debug\mobAppHDF.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\h.ferchichi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\obj\Debug\mobAppHDF.dll
c:\users\h.ferchichi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\obj\Debug\mobAppHDF.pdb
C:\Users\h.ferchichi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\obj\Debug\mobAppHDF.Views.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\h.ferchichi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\obj\Debug\mobAppHDF.Views.MenuPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\h.ferchichi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\obj\Debug\mobAppHDF.Views.RootPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\h.ferchichi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\obj\Debug\mobAppHDF.Views.LoginPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\h.ferchichi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\obj\Debug\mobAppHDF.dll.mdb
C:\Users\h.ferchichi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\mobAppHDF\bin\Debug\mobAppHDF.dll.mdb
